Add instructions for login and policy running (#419)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/troubleshooting/semgrep.md

We currently don't have instructions for other providers, but logs for the action are always saved in `.semgrep_logs/`. There will be two files, `semgrep_agent_logs` and `semgrep_agent_output`. The former is a more verbose logging of what happened; the second contains the output that the action collected for semgrep. If you are running in docker, you can find the logs there.

## Troubleshooting Semgrep CI

### Reproducing the run locally

It is possible to reproduce some parts of Semgrep CI locally to aid in debugging through the following steps:

> - First go to the [API token page](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/semgrep/settings/tokens) and create a new API token

Author: Oh you're right

- Run `semgrep login` on your machine which will ask you to paste your API key

> - Run `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME=<your-org-here>/<repo-name-here> semgrep --config policy` (i.e. `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME=returntocorp/semgrep semgrep --config policy` for the github repo `returntocorp/semgrep`). This will fetch the rules configured on any semgrep.dev policy for this repo and run it locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `SEMGREP_REPOSITORY_NAME=<your-org-here>/<repo-name-here> semgrep --config policy` (For example, `SEMGREP_REPOSITORY_NAME=returntocorp/semgrep semgrep --config policy` would be used for the GitHub repository `returntocorp/semgrep`). This will fetch the rules configured on any Semgrep App policy for this repository and run a local Semgrep scan using those rules.
```
